First release (#5)
datajoint/element-optogenetics: README.md

# DataJoint Element - Optogenetics

> DataJoint Element for Optogenetics research. DataJoint Elements collectively standardize
> and automate data collection and analysis for neuroscience experiments.  Each Element is
> a modular pipeline for data storage and processing with corresponding database
> tables that can be combined with other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataJoint Element for managing data from optogenetics experiments. DataJoint Elements collectively standardize
and automate data collection and analysis for neuroscience experiments.  Each Element is
a modular pipeline for data storage and processing with corresponding database
tables that can be combined with other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.
```
